Breakglass reason requred (#249)
common-fate/sdk: .changeset/rotten-vans-pretend.md

---
"@common-fate/sdk": patch
---

> adds field for breakglass reason to ensure and activate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a field for breakglass reason to batchEnsure and activate requests and enforce that it is provided when breakglass is used.
```
